fix(docs): add a note on docker configuration.md doc to explain accep… (#16299)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/send-data/docker-driver/configuration.md

```json
{
  "debug": true,
  "log-driver": "loki",
  "log-opts": {
    "loki-url": "https://<user_id>:<password>@logs-us-west1.grafana.net/loki/api/v1/push",
    "loki-batch-size": "400"
  }
}
```

{{< admonition type="note" >}}
log-opt configuration options in daemon.json must be provided as
> strings. Boolean and numeric values (such as the value for loki-batch-size in
> the example above) must therefore be enclosed in quotes (`"`).

> > {{< /admonition >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< /admonition >}}
```

| `loki-tls-server-name`          |    No     |                            | Name used to validate the server certificate.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| `loki-tls-insecure-skip-verify` |    No     |          `false`*          | Allow to skip tls verification.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| `loki-proxy-url`                |    No     |                            | Proxy URL use to connect to Loki.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

> | `no-file`                       |    No     |          `false`*          | This indicates the driver to not create log files on disk, however this means you won't be able to use `docker logs` on the container anymore. You can use this if you don't need to use `docker logs` and you run with limited disk space. (By default files are created)              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `no-file`                       |    No     |          `false`*          | Default is "true" and files are created.  Set to "False" to tell driver not to create log files on disk.  However this means you won't be able to use `docker logs` on the container anymore. Use this setting if you don't need to use `docker logs` and you run with limited disk space.              |
```

Author: [86d51ec](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/16299/commits/86d51ec3cd173af140f3e7af1a10f5bf90cc84a5)

> | `keep-file`                     |    No     |          `false`*          | This indicates the driver to keep json log files once the container is stopped. By default files are removed, this means you won't be able to use `docker logs` once the container is stopped.                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `keep-file`                     |    No     |          `false`*          | The default is "true" and files are removed once the container is stopped.  Set to "False" to tell driver to keep json log files once the container is stopped.                                                                                           |
```

Author: [86d51ec](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/16299/commits/86d51ec3cd173af140f3e7af1a10f5bf90cc84a5)

| `labels`                        |    No     |                            | Comma-separated list of keys of labels, which should be included in message, if these labels are specified for container.                                                                                                                                                               |
| `env`                           |    No     |                            | Comma-separated list of keys of environment variables to be included in message if they specified for a container.                                                                                                                                                                      |
| `env-regex`                     |    No     |                            | A regular expression to match logging-related environment variables. Used for advanced log label options. If there is collision between the label and env keys, the value of the env takes precedence. Both options add additional fields to the labels of a logging message.           |

### *note:

> Boolean values in config file only accepts string type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Boolean values in the configuration file only accept the following string type:
```

Author: [86d51ec](https://github.com/grafana/loki/pull/16299/commits/86d51ec3cd173af140f3e7af1a10f5bf90cc84a5)
